https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-14394 (#7068)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/acm_whats_new.adoc

* You can now use the `hubTemplateOptions.serviceAccountName` field to specify a service account to use for all hub cluster template lookups. See the link:../governance/template_support_intro.adoc#template-coomparison-table[Comparison of hub cluster and managed cluster templates].

> * The default value for `spec.evaluationInterval.compliant` and `spec.evaluationInterval.noncompliant` is `watch` to leverage Kubernetes API watches instead of polling the Kubernetes API server. See link:../governance/config_policy_ctrl.adoc#configuration-policy-yaml-table[Configuration policy YAML table] for more information.

Reviewer: @dockerymick is the change to the ConfigurationPolicy YAML table in this PR? I'm only seeing the Policy Generator changes.

Author: No, I created a new PR for the Configuration policy table update: https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/pull/7071/files

I'll make similar updates that we made here

Reviewer: @dockerymick got it. I think it'd be less confusing if the "What's new" update was in that separate PR instead.

Author: Updated

> * The default value for `spec.evaluationInterval.compliant` and `spec.evaluationInterval.noncompliant` is `watch` to leverage Kubernetes API watches instead of polling the Kubernetes API server. See link:../governance/config_policy_ctrl.adoc#configuration-policy-yaml-table[Configuration policy YAML table] for more information.

Reviewer 2: Since this is a "what's new" section, what do you think about making it more user focused? Like, something cool they can now do but couldn't earlier:

```suggestion
* The default value for `spec.evaluationInterval.compliant` and `spec.evaluationInterval.noncompliant` is `watch`, so now you can leverage Kubernetes API watches instead of polling the Kubernetes API server. See link:../governance/config_policy_ctrl.adoc#configuration-policy-yaml-table[Configuration policy YAML table] for more information.
```

Reviewer 2: Feel free to make this change (or not!) in a separate PR for what's new content if you want to divide the work into multiple PRs for organization purposes.

Author: Based on Matt's request, I removed the entry from this PR. However, I did move forward with your suggestion in my other PR.

> * The default value for `spec.evaluationInterval.compliant` and `spec.evaluationInterval.noncompliant` is `watch` to leverage Kubernetes API watches instead of polling the Kubernetes API server. See link:../governance/config_policy_ctrl.adoc#configuration-policy-yaml-table[Configuration policy YAML table] for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> * The default value for `spec.evaluationInterval.compliant` and `spec.evaluationInterval.noncompliant` is `watch` to leverage Kubernetes API watches instead of polling the Kubernetes API server. See link:../governance/policy_generator.adoc#policy-gen-yaml-table[Policy Generator configuration reference table] for more information.

Reviewer: This should be linking to an entry in the `Configuration policy YAML table` section instead. The Policy Generator is a tool to generate ConfigurationPolicies, but the feature itself is in ConfigurationPolicy.

Author: ```suggestion
* The default value for `spec.evaluationInterval.compliant` and `spec.evaluationInterval.noncompliant` is `watch` to leverage Kubernetes API watches instead of polling the Kubernetes API server. See link:../governance/config_policy_ctrl.adoc#configuration-policy-yaml-table[Configuration policy YAML table] for more information.
```

> * The default value for `spec.evaluationInterval.compliant` and `spec.evaluationInterval.noncompliant` is `"watch"` to leverage Kubernetes API watches instead of polling the Kubernetes API server. See link:../governance/policy_generator.adoc#policy-gen-yaml-table[Policy Generator configuration reference table] for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
* The default value for `spec.evaluationInterval.compliant` and `spec.evaluationInterval.noncompliant` is `watch` to leverage Kubernetes API watches instead of polling the Kubernetes API server. See link:../governance/policy_generator.adoc#policy-gen-yaml-table[Policy Generator configuration reference table] for more information.
```
